The question asks, suppose you have
"If P and Q, then Q or R" as a premise.
What follows from that,
by Double Negation Introduction?
First, we need to put those parentheses around
the whole thing is, which was
written in informal notation.
If you like, we can also put
parentheses around the "P and Q"
and the "Q or R", since, remember,
"ands" and "ors" group more
tightly than "arrows".
And then we double negate
that whole thing. So two negations in front.
That's the correct answer.
You don't need all those parentheses!
You don't need the parentheses around
the "P and Q"
and the "Q or R", because
our convention
tells us that inside here,
the and and the or group more tightly
than the arrow.